>> Sean Larkin: I think, the first
thing I want to start off doing is
just showing you
how you can actually access environment
variables from the command line, right?
And the first thing that we're gonna
do is jump into our scripts and
we're just gonna modify it slightly.
So [COUGH] instead of just passing
a mode flag which is acceptable,
instead, what we're gonna do,
is anywhere we have
mode specified,
let's change it to env.mode.
>> Sean Larkin: So
when you pass the env flag to webpack,
what it does is it takes whatever
value that is, in this case,
it's like we're passing
an object with a mode property.
And it's gonna provide that to the config
for you, in the inside of the function.
So I'm gonna make this a little easier and
not use the functional programming syntax
and instead I'll just say,
return an object.
So something like this.
And it'll reformat here.
Take that, there we go.
That looks similar, okay.
>> Sean Larkin: So we can actually see
what the env value is just by console
logging it, right?
This is just a JavaScript module,
console should work in Node.
And we're requiring it,
so we should see it.
So if I ran npm run prod,
doesn't even matter.
There we go.
We actually had,
it logs the whole object, right?
Does that make sense so far?
Okay, so you can also just
pass single primitives also so
if you just passed in env production,
when I ran this again.
We're gonna see the value
is just production.
Now, I always opt for
having it be an object because there could
be lots of things that you wanna pass in,
could be test parameters,
it could be environment variables.
If you're using it from another build
process like Make or Cradle, or whatever,
you can actually, whatever the term is for
that, sum, env, var or whatever.
You could pass it in like that and
interpolate.
So I always find that valuable.
So now, we get a warning again though.
So the mode option is not set anymore,
right?
We're just passing an env
into the function.
So we're just gonna leverage
this information now and
pass it directly into the mode property.
Like we defined earlier when
we set it to none, right?
So mode: env.mode.
>> Sean Larkin: So now,
if we run it again,
>> Sean Larkin: There we go,
back to kind of where
we started before him.
So now that we're able to actually
get different behaviors inside of
the function, we can actually start
doing some conditional stuff, right?
We can change the behavior of
this object conditionally,
based on that env parameter.
I might even do something like this and
say, so I can tell right away, mode.
Makes it easier to see.
I think that would still work, too.
npm run prod, let's see.
>> Sean Larkin: Where did I fail?
>> Sean Larkin: That's why.
[LAUGH] Of course,
you have to update your variables, Shaun.
>> Sean Larkin: And
since we're destructuring,
you can actually make it look like that.
It makes it a little bit easier.
>> Sean Larkin: So now, we're kind of
at a point where it's, we're gonna have
three different kind of configurations,
if you think about it.
One is gonna be,
there are gonna be properties or
essential plugins that you wanna have
across your whole build system, right?
And then there are gonna be some that
work with your mode development and
some that work with mode production.
And there could be more, I think that
these are probably gonna be the best,
this will be kind of a baseline or
foundation.
And this is not something you
may find that maybe you don't
even need to have this much broke apart.
But it makes it easier to maintain and
a little bit easier to manage and
understand.